restructure: Onboarding docs (#3768)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/getting-started/identities.mdx

To recover an identity, use `dfx identity import --seed-file seedphrase.txt`, where `seedphrase.txt` contains the seed phrase shown when you created your identity.
:::

### Storing the identity's private key

The private key for an identity is stored in the `~/.config/dfx/identity/IDENTITY_NAME/identity.pem`. ***This file should be backed up to a secure location.***

:::caution 
By default, `dfx` will store your identity in the local keyring/keychain. If a keyring/keychain is unavailable, it will prompt you to choose a password, then store your private key locally in a password-protected PEM file at `~/.config/dfx/identity/IDENTITY_NAME/identity.pem.encrypted`.
:::

## Using your identity

Once your identity is created, you must tell `dfx` that this is the identity you want to use. If you do not, the `default` identity will be used, and any canister creation and management you execute will not be secure.

To use your new identity, run the command:

```
dfx identity use IDENTITY_NAME
```

<details>
<summary> Output </summary>

```
Using identity: "IDENTITY_NAME".
```

</details>

> To view the principal identifier for your identity:

Reviewer: I suggest making it clear that the principal format would look something like this.

To recover an identity, use `dfx identity import --seed-file seedphrase.txt`, where `seedphrase.txt` contains the seed phrase shown when you created your identity.
:::

### Storing the identity's private key

The private key for an identity is stored in the `~/.config/dfx/identity/IDENTITY_NAME/identity.pem`. ***This file should be backed up to a secure location.***

:::caution 
By default, `dfx` will store your identity in the local keyring/keychain. If a keyring/keychain is unavailable, it will prompt you to choose a password, then store your private key locally in a password-protected PEM file at `~/.config/dfx/identity/IDENTITY_NAME/identity.pem.encrypted`.
:::

## Using your identity

Once your identity is created, you must tell `dfx` that this is the identity you want to use. If you do not, the `default` identity will be used, and any canister creation and management you execute will not be secure.

To use your new identity, run the command:

```
dfx identity use IDENTITY_NAME
```

<details>
<summary> Output </summary>

```
Using identity: "IDENTITY_NAME".
```

</details>

> Your developer identity will have a principal identifier in the format `itk7v-ihlxk-ktdrh-fcnst-vkoou-orj77-52ogl-jqwj5-zpfdv-az3lr-xqe`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your developer identity will have a principal identifier in the format `aez2y-7yvs5-e6dpq-gwlld-t6ozx-l5hoo-j4vwr-mimoy-me2xq-yrxkx-rae`. 
```

I am not sure if it is intended to provide a different prinicpal compared to the output section below.
